dear friends hello everyone
happy new year to you this year
find your goal goal is the most important thing
that because of us life and move to
try to go to the end I'm in the outgoing
I found my goal I did not find what I want
engage and
go her to this goal themselves step by step
in small steps I wish you
did the same thing i think is better development
don't come up should evolve in all
directions spiritually moral
physical i wish you this year
only cultivated became
getting better and better with each him i 2012
year achieved certain results
but if it were not for my loved ones
my big family would be next
this was not my favorite mine
parents of my beloved brothers
coaches who are now resting great
hello snowy ecology i you
very much all love all my guys
team our team intimate equals so
sad arnold classic is and
Sheikin Dim is a big big family
denis Gusev really helped me a lot
training big hello earring fighters
also girl hello you are our such
inspiring person who constantly
brings us a positive we have a lot
Ganichev Chagaev Tass all huge
hi kochekov vanka huge huge
family everything is so fast I do not remember you
I love everyone
just now I am in the spotlight because
I'm not happy that I am so close
people like you and
happy new year all the best